Reproducibility (#3)
gmum/graph-representations: configs/README.md

# Configuration files

> Directories `data` and `representation` contain configuration files required to reproduce results of the study.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directories `data` and `representations` contain configuration files required to reproduce the results of the study.
```

Directory `models` contains an exemplary configuration file and a script to generate all possible hyperparameter configurations.

> All configuration files are parsed by methods implemented in `graphrepr.config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All configuration files are parsed by the methods implemented in `graphrepr/config.py`.
```

Reviewer: why this suggestion: it wasn't clear that you mean a python package and not a config file called graphrepr.config

## Dataset configuration files

> These configuration files define preprocessing and cost function for each dataset as well as paths to files with data.
> These paths should be updated to point to correct destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These configuration files specify preprocessing, cost function, and data file paths for each dataset. **The paths should be updated to ensure they point to the correct data file destinations.**
```

ESOL (scaffold) and QM9 datasets are provided in the repository while the remaining datasets (including splits) are publicly available and can be obtained as described in Section "Availability of data and materials".

## Model configuration files

File `1-model.cfg` is an example of a configuration of model architecture.
To create all possible configurations of architectures, enter `models` directory and use this command:

```bash
python make_configs.py
```

> The list of the 100 architectures used in the study is the following:

Reviewer: I think we should describe about which 100 architectures we are writing here

Author: We used the same config files for GCNs, D-MPNN and MAT. Would it be enough to list the names of sections describing these experiments?

Reviewer: But... are these random 100 architectures? Or selected by the hyperparameter search? I think it would be good to add a short explanation how we arrived at this set of config files.

Author: Oh, OK. I'll add this.

Author: I updated the README file (commit [86d373f](https://github.com/gmum/graph-representations/pull/3/commits/86d373f47a32e9127e61ebef09cf8d7670ca5632)).
